CASMTRIAGE-8248 hotfix for CSM 1.6 CSM 1.5 CASMTRIAGE-8205 (#73)
Cray-HPE/csm-hotfixes: csm-1.5/CASMTRIAGE-8248/README.md

# CASMTRIAGE-8248: Enable signatures along with docker image in skopeo sync
## Problem Description

> In CSM 1.5.x, IUF uses skopeo to upload docker images to nexus repository CSM add on products when installed with iuf , report errors in `deliver-product` stage when signed images are uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In CSM 1.5.x, IUF uses skopeo to upload docker images to the nexus repository.  When CSM add on products are installed with iuf, errors are reported in the `deliver-product` stage when signed images are uploaded.
```

> In CSM 1.5.x, IUF uses skopeo to upload docker images to nexus repository CSM add on products when installed with iuf , report errors in `deliver-product` stage when signed images are uploaded. Enable signatures along with docker image in skopeo sync.

Reviewer 2: IUF uses skopeo to upload docker images to nexus repository. In CSM 1.5.x, CSM add on products when installed with iuf , report errors in deliver-product stage when signed images are uploaded.
